# 23 June 2024:

Here is what I have done so far for today:
1. Went through <a href="https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/.dotfiles" target="_blank">ThePrimeagen's dotfiles</a>, specifically through his Neovim config, and implemented what was valuable. I just finished going through his `lsp.lua` config. Next up, is `refactoring.lua`.
2. 45 minutes of practicing VimBeGood. A master is really good at the basics. Check out <a href="https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/vim-be-good" target="_blank">VimBeGood</a>
3. 1 hour and 15 minutes of writing documentation for my dotfiles.
4. Accidentally deleted all my dotfiles. Spent 45 minutes fixing everything so that it works as expected.

## Neovim Config Changes:
Here is what I have changed in my neovim config:
1. Added command **<leader>cz**, which opens a floating terminal, automatically running the `cz commit` terminal command. This is helpful, as Vim Fugitive doesn't have Commitizen support.
2. Added **<leader>ga** command in Vim Fugitive config, to run the git command `git add .`. This is helpful, I don't have to type in the command `G add .`. This works better.
3. Cloak.lua plugin installed, working as expected. What does this plugin do? Well, I have configured it to hide my `.env` environment variables by replacing the values with "*" characters. I can run `:CloakToggle` to toggle the variables. This is helpful if you maybe record videos, and you don't want to accidentally leakyour environment variables. For more information on how to configure it, and the other command, check out <a href="https://github.com/laytan/cloak.nvim" target="_blank">cloak.nvim</a>.

